ENG-2364 - Add Various User API fields (#3599)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/apis/_user-response-body-base.mdx

  The display value for the identity. Only used for `username` type identities. If the unique username feature is not enabled, this value
  will be the same as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.identities[x].value</InlineField>. Otherwise, it will be the username the User has chosen. For
  primary username identities, this will be the same value as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.username</InlineField>.
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].insertInstant'} type="Long" since="1.99.9">
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when the identity was created.
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].lastLoginInstant'} type="Long" since="1.99.9">
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when the identity was last used to login. If a User has multiple identity types (`username`, `email`, and `phoneNumber`), then this value will represent the specific identity they last used to login. This contrasts with <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.lastLoginInstant</InlineField>, which represents the last time any of the User's identities was used to login.

  {/* more */}
  <Aside type="note">

>     Identity provider logins will not be reflected here (see <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.lastLoginInstant</InlineField> for a field that includes identity provider logins).

Author: Felt like the right place to explain this

  </Aside>
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].lastUpdateInstant'} type="Long" since="1.99.9">
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when the identity was last updated.
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].moderationStatus'} type="String" since="1.99.9">
  <ModerationStatusResponse />
  Only used for `username` type identities. For primary username identities, this will be the same value as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.usernameStatus</InlineField>.
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].primary'} type="Boolean" since="1.99.9">

>   Reserved for future use.

Author: How much do we want to talk about this now?

Reviewer: My vote is none. I think we should remove the field from API responses in `app`.

Author: removed. and capture follow up work to hide field

</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].type'} type="String" since="1.99.9">
  <IdentityTypeResponse/>
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].value'} type="String" since="1.99.9">

>   The value represented by the identity. The contents of this field depend on <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.identities[x].type</InlineField>and will be one of the following:

Author: as noted in PR summary, would a table be better?

</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].verifiedInstant'} type="Long" since="1.99.9">
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when verification was performed on the identity. This field is only
  populated when verification was actually performed on the identity by FusionAuth.
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].verifiedReason'} type="String" since="1.99.9">
  The reason the User's identity was verified or not verified. The possible values are:

  * `Skipped` - Verification was skipped due to the `skipVerification` parameter on the request
  * `Trusted` - Identity was created via an identity provider or a connector
  * `Unverifiable` - FusionAuth doesn't know how to verify this identity type. Usernames are an example
  * `Implicit` - Verification was implicitly performed by sending a set password or passwordless message
  * `Pending` - Tenant policy requires verification but no verification has been performed yet
  * `Completed` - Verification was performed by FusionAuth
  * `Disabled` - Tenant policy did not require verification

>   If this field is `Disabled`, `Skipped`, `Trusted`, or `Unverifiable`, then verification will not be required, regardless of the <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.identities[x].verified</InlineField> value.

Author: I think this might be OK, but as noted in PR summary, table might be better

  Determines if the User has two factor authentication enabled for their account or not.

  <RemovedSince since="1.26.0" />
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.username'} type="String">
  The username of the User.
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.usernameStatus'} type="String">
  <ModerationStatusResponse />
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.verified'} type="Boolean" deprecated deprecatedSince="1.99.9">
  Whether or not the User's primary email identity has been verified. This does NOT indicate whether phone number identity types are verified.
  See <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.identities[x].verified</InlineField> and <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.identities[x].verifiedReason</InlineField>.

  For additional information, see these tutorials:

  - [Email Verification](/docs/lifecycle/manage-users/verification/gate-accounts-until-user-email-verified)
  - [Registration Verification](/docs/lifecycle/manage-users/verification/registration-gate-accounts-until-verified)
</APIField>
  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.verifiedInstant'} type="Long" since="1.48.0" deprecated deprecatedSince="1.99.9">

>   The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) that the User's primary email address was verified. This does NOT indicate when phone number identity types

Author: I removed a key piece about immutable here, since we no longer keep an old email identity's `verifiedInstant` around

import DeprecatedSince from 'src/components/api/DeprecatedSince.astro';
import ModerationStatusResponse from 'src/content/docs/apis/_moderation_status_response.mdx';
import IdentityTypeResponse from 'src/content/docs/apis/_identity_type_response.mdx';
import RemovedSince from 'src/components/api/RemovedSince.astro';
import UserDataEmailFieldResponse from 'src/content/docs/apis/_user-data-email-field-response.mdx';
import VerificationIdsFieldsResponse from 'src/content/docs/apis/_user-verification-ids-response.mdx';
import RegistrationVerificationIdsFieldsResponse from 'src/content/docs/apis/_user-registration-verification-ids-response.mdx';
import UserMembershipFieldsResponse from 'src/content/docs/apis/_user-memberships-response.mdx';
import UserTokenFieldsResponse from 'src/content/docs/apis/_user-token-response.mdx';
import UserLoginFieldsResponse from 'src/content/docs/apis/_user-login-response.mdx';

{ (props.login_response || props.passwordless_login_response) &&
<UserLoginFieldsResponse/>
}

{ props.base_field_name === 'user' &&
<APIField name="trustToken" type="String" since="1.33.0" renderif={!!props.two_factor_login_response}>

> A trust token that may be used to complete another API request that requires trust. For example, if you receive an error from an API indicating trust is required - indicated by this error code `[TrustTokenRequired]`, this value can be used to satisfy the trust requirement.

Author: Brought back (or used for the first time in this case) the HTML `<code>` element.

</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.id'} type="UUID">
  The User's unique Id.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities'} type="Array" since="1.99.9">
  The list of identities that exist for a User.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].displayValue'} type="String" since="1.99.9">
  The display value for the identity. Only used for `username` type identities. If the unique username feature is not enabled, this value
  will be the same as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.identities\[x].value</InlineField>. Otherwise, it will be the username the User has chosen. For
  primary username identities, this will be the same value as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.username</InlineField>.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].insertInstant'} type="Long" since="1.99.9">
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when the identity was created.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].lastLoginInstant'} type="Long" since="1.99.9">

>   The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when the identity was last used to login. If a User has multiple identity types (`username`, `email`, and `phoneNumber`), then this value will represent the specific identity they last used to login. This contrasts with <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.lastLoginInstant</InlineField>, which represents the last time any of the User's identities was used to login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when the identity was last used to log in. If a User has multiple identity types (`username`, `email`, and `phoneNumber`), then this value will represent the specific identity they last used to log in. This contrasts with <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.lastLoginInstant</InlineField>, which represents the last time any of the User's identities was used to log in.
```

Author: Fixed

  <ModerationStatusResponse />

  Only used for `username` type identities. For primary username identities, this will be the same value as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.usernameStatus</InlineField>.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].primary'} type="Boolean" since="1.99.9">
  Reserved for future use.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].type'} type="String" since="1.99.9">
  <IdentityTypeResponse />
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.identities[x].value'} type="String" since="1.99.9">
  The value represented by the identity. The contents of this field depend on <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.identities\[x].type</InlineField>and will be one of the following:

  * Email address - The User's email address, always lower cased. For primary email identities, this will be the same value as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.email</InlineField>
  * Phone number - The User's phone number, in E.164 canonical format. For primary phone number identities, this will be the same value as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.phoneNumber</InlineField>

>   * Username - User's username - this will be the same as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.identities\[x].displayValue</InlineField>. For primary username identities, this will be the same value as <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.username</InlineField>

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's the same as `displayValue` when unique usernames are enabled.

Author: Agreed it's not, see the `Aside` a couple lines below here. I was trying to figure out how to convey that simply, will making the happy path (most people don't use unique usernames) not too cluttered.

</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.insertInstant'} type="Long">
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when the user was created.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.lastLoginInstant'} type="Long">
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when the User logged in last. See <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.identities\[x].lastLoginInstant</InlineField>
  for more granular information based on identity.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.lastName'} type="String">
  The User's last name.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.lastUpdateInstant'} type="Long">
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) when the User was last updated.
</APIField>

{!props.create_user &&
<UserMembershipFieldsResponse base_field_name={props.base_field_name} />
}

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.middleName'} type="String">
  The User's middle name.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.mobilePhone'} type="String">
  The User's mobile phone number. This is useful if you will be sending push notifications or SMS messages to the User.

  {/* more */}

  <Aside>

>     This differs from <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.phoneNumber</InlineField> and cannot be used to login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This differs from <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.phoneNumber</InlineField> and cannot be used to log in.
```

Author: Fixed

  </Aside>
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.parentEmail'} type="String" since="1.7.0">
  The email address of the user's parent or guardian. If this value was provided during a create or update operation, this value will only remain until the child is claimed by a parent.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.passwordChangeRequired'} type="Boolean">
  Indicates that the User's password needs to be changed during their next login attempt.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.passwordLastUpdateInstant'} type="Long">
  The [instant](/docs/reference/data-types#instants) that the User last changed their password.
</APIField>

<APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.phoneNumber'} type="String" since="1.99.9">
  The User's primary phone number. The phone number is stored and returned in E.164 canonical format, however a phone number is considered unique regardless of the format. `303-555-1212` is considered equal to `+13035551212` so either version of this phone number can be used whenever providing it as input to an API.

  {/* more */}

  <Aside>

>     This differs from <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.mobilePhone</InlineField> in that <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.phoneNumber</InlineField> can be used to login, just like an email address or a username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This differs from <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.mobilePhone</InlineField> in that <InlineField>{props.base_field_name}.phoneNumber</InlineField> can be used to log in, just like an email address or a username.
```

Author: Fixed
